clarify docs on API Keys (#4453)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/orchestration/concepts/api_keys.md

# API Keys <Badge text="Cloud"/>

API Keys are how clients authenticate with the Prefect Cloud API.  They encapsulate the identity of a User or a Service Account.  Ultimately, all clients that interact with the Prefect Cloud API must provide an API Key as a Bearer Token included in the request header.

See our [API documentation](api.html) more information on how to use these keys to interact with the GraphQL API.

### User API Keys

Users can generate API Keys to interact with the API with their personal permissions.  When creating an API key, you can configure the following attributes:

- **API Key Name**: The name of this key
- **API Key Expiration**: An optional expiration date for the key - if no expiration is provided, the key will never expire

> - **Tenant**: The tenant to associate with the API Key - clients using this key will interact with this tenant.  This key's 

Reviewer: suggestion for stronger wording:
```suggestion
- **Tenant**: The tenant to associate with the API Key - clients using this key can interact with this tenant only.  This key's 
```

permissions are the user's in that tenant.

::: warning Mutable Tenancy

> Clients using this token can still list the User's available tenants and can modify the token's tenant association.

Reviewer: There isn't currently an exposed route for this so I think we should leave this warning out until we have hardened the recommended pattern here.

Author: I've removed the warning.  Thanks for the feedback.

FYI I seem to be able to change the associated tenant using the client via an existing method that was meant for User-scoped API tokens
`client.login_from_tenant(tenant_slug="foo")`, which uses the `switch_tenant` mutation
Is that how it should work?  I can expose a new CLI command for that in the followup, if desired

Reviewer: Ah great question; that `switch_tenant` mutation actually uses the refresh / short-lived token pattern.  What I mean is it uses the current token / key to generate _new_ tokens that are scoped to the other tenant.  The underlying API key that you set on the Client isn't mutated at all.

Author: weird, even after removing client settings and auth_token from config.toml, clients started with that token default to the switched tenant, not the original.  Was trying to understand how that is persisted, because it all appears to be specific to the old paradigm, which I am not as familiar with.  

I'll leave all the login/ tenant switching stuff alone and stick to create, revoke, and list keys in the followup.

Reviewer: Yea sounds good, we can also do some additional QA when we move to the code changes.
